Why did Richard P. Feynman win a nobel prize?
$
5;Theory of quantum eletrodynamics;Path integral formulation of quantum mechanics;The parton model;An integration trick;Theory of quantum eletrodynamics;Playing the bongos;Inventing arithmetic;Learning how to count;Feynman won the nobel prize in physics in 1965 along with Julian Schwinger and Shinichiro Tomonaga.

Which one of these scientists where born on Pi Day (14th of march)?
$
2;Albert Einstein;Marie Curie;Roger Penrose;Jun John Sakurai;Albert Einstein;Bill Nye;Mr. Pi;Igor Newton;Albert Einstein was born on the 14th of March of 1879 in Ulm, Germany.

Which of these was invented by Charles Babbage?
$
6;The difference engine;The cowcatcher for locomotives;The automata theory;The mechanical clock;The difference engine;The disney channel;The telescope;The dog leash;Charles Babbage invented the difference engine in the 1820s, it was used to compute a lot of mathematical functions used in science, mostly built by logarithmic and trignometric functions.

Proposed by James Clerk Maxwell, what's the popular name for the thought experiment intended to violate the second law of thermodynamics?
$
3;Maxwell's demon;Maxwell's entropy reduction;Maxwell's chamber;Maxwell's imp;Maxwell's demon;Kelvin's refrigerator;Quick door;The big bang theory;Although proposed by Maxwell, it was Lord Kelvin who first gave the thought experiment the name of "Maxwell's demon".

What thermodynamics concept was brought to information theory by Claude Shannon?
$
2;Entropy;Work;Byte;Channel capacity;Entropy;Computer;Cryptography;Noise;The Shannon's entropy or just entropy of a random variable is the average level of information associated with the variable's possible outcomes. The concept was brought from thermodynamics, where it describes the state of disorder in a system.

Which one of these algorithms is used to compute the shortest path in a graph fro ma source node to every other node in a weighted graph with negative weights?
$
4;Bellman-Ford algorithm;Dijkstra's algorithm;Tarjan's algorithm;Kosaruju Algorithm;Bellman-Ford algorithm;Bubble sort;Bozo sort;Python's len() function;Although other algorithms like Dijkstra's compute the shortest path between two nodes in a graph, Bellman-Ford is able to handle graphs with negative weights

In graph theory, what's an undirected graph where exactly one path connects any two vertices called?
$
3;Tree graph;Bipartite graph;Euclidean graph;Bi-linked graph;Tree graph;Big graph;Small graph;Graphite;The term tree was coined in 1857 by Arthur Cayley, a prolific British mathematician who is also known for his work as a lawyer

Who played Jules Winnfield in Pulp Fiction?
&
3;Samuel L. Jackson;John Travolta;Will Smith;Jamie Foxx;Lebron James;António Costa;Jules Winnfeld, played by Samuel L. Jackson is an iconic character from Pulp Fiction (1994)

In The Big Bang Theory, what's Sheldon Cooper's most famous phrase?
&
1;Bazinga;Bazooka;Bangladesh;Brofist;Bazófias;Bing Chilling;Sheldon Cooper uses the term bazinga throught the show at the end of jokes or pranks to indicate sarcasm.

Which one of these players have been nicknamed "A Pantera Negra"?
@1
3;Eusébio Ferreira-10;Cristiano Ronaldo-7;Ricardo Quaresma-20;Pepe-3;Eusébio, the legendary footballer earned many nicknames throughout history, including: "A Pantera Negra", "A Pérola Negra" and "O Rei".

Is binding the name of the device that attaches a skier's feet to the ski?
@2
3;true;The ski binding started as a mere lether strap fastened over the toe of the boot.

Did Michael Phelps win over 30 olympic medals?
@3
3;false;Michael Phelps "only" managed to get 28 medals in total, 23 of which are gold.